rich people prefer not to talk about
money in public
and they never complain about it neither
in public nor in private
those who do aren't usually great with
it such people are ready to waste the
last 500 bucks on a pair of new shoes
and be left with a ten dollar bill in
their wallet
new money tends to scream show off and
be as
posh and luxurious as possible while old
money is way more modest and poised
it's the reason why you may be sitting
right next to an extremely wealthy
person
who owns a multi-billion dollar company
and have
no idea about it wealthy people often
care about
non-material things more than about
something you can buy
they value privacy and comfort that's
why you'll probably never guess how rich
a certain person actually
is sure there are those who made their
fortune
thanks to their fame and as a result
zero privacy
but they make only about three percent
of the rich
rich people focus on what's inside not
outside
and they care a lot about health perfect
teeth
smooth spotless skin and great posture
grills adorned with precious
gems can't interest them instead their
main goal is to have sparkling white and
presentable teeth
they also care a lot about nails so
chances are
you aren't ever going to see a really
wealthy lady with long
ungroomed extensions they prefer their
nails neutral
perfectly trimmed and having zero burrs
another thing no rich person would ever
do is spend
time to save money wealthy people
understand
time is the most valuable resource out
there so they never prefer
a couple of safe pennies to it poor
people never pay for something they can
do themselves
they always think twice if they can
handle it without somebody else's help
be it a car repair nails or even a
haircut
truly rich people never bother even
thinking about it
remember they always prefer their
precious time over money
as for clothes you aren't likely to see
many labels on mature rich people
luxury brands are now focusing on the
younger generation
whose priority is to show off sometimes
even if they had to save up lunch money
for a half a year before they could
afford to buy that brand new designer
bag
buying something you can't afford is not
the best option
especially when it comes to something
really expensive
loans and credit cards eat up your
budget with unfair interest rates
you may think having your own housing is
cheaper because you don't need
to pay the rent but in fact it's vice
versa
so many rich people prefer to rent not
buy
shoes are probably the most expensive
thing in their outfit
rich people believe investing in good
accessories is important for comfort
plus the accessories do bring any look
to a brand new level
anyway their outfits always match the
occasion
they never overdress or put on all the
best clothes they've got to show off
if it's a workout they put on something
that best fits it
if it's a formal occasion they never
hesitate to put on exquisite jewelry to
complete their outfit
but they never do vice versa just
because some piece of clothing is pricey
and might show their status somehow when
wealthy people
are out dining they rarely look at the
prices
even more they rarely look at the menu
either
usually they ask the waiter about
specialties or simply order what they
want
this rule can be applied to almost any
purchase
it's pretty easy to understand whether
you can afford something or not
if you stop to think whether you can
chances are you can't
once you've started looking at cars and
buildings as if they were cheap as a new
t-shirt
it means you've become rich some credit
cards can be made of metal
and if you ever see one it surely
belongs to a rich person
different colors are also a good way to
show what sort of
bank client you are metal car fees start
at 500 bucks
and can reach up to five thousand
dollars per year
colors matter too but it's pretty
obvious
those who want to be and not only seem
rich
might want to reconsider their money
habits if you clip a coupon just to get
some random discount
better not you risk ending up spending
way more than you planned
in 2018 over 256 billion coupons were
distributed in the us
a two hundred dollar item seems less
appealing to us than one that used to
cost four hundred dollars
but was fifty percent discounted you may
feel excited clipping the coupon and
using it
thinking about the bargain you've just
had but
don't fall for it coupons make us spend
more
forcing us to buy things we don't
actually need
before going grocery shopping write a
list of purchases
not to be lured by coupons same with
discounted items
these can be real bargains sometimes but
if you buy something just because it's a
bit less pricey
think twice poor quality and misleading
delicious food
don't give you enough nutrients making
you long for more and more
you can make your dishes more savory
adding some herbs
try yourself at gardening growing herbs
and pots on your windowsill
it's also a bad idea to grow grocery
shopping when hungry
and especially if you do it more than
once a week hunger makes you want to buy
more and more
and sometimes you can have a temptation
to buy things you don't normally eat
but you don't care now since you're
starving
some tips for saving money can be great
but there's
one thing you should never ever do
lotteries
aren't going to make you rich the only
thing they're sure to do is burn your
money to ashes fast
and millionaires don't pop into
convenience stores just to casually grab
a few lottery tickets
odds are you're going to lose those two
dollars you invested
yup doesn't seem that much but a regular
lottery habit can turn into a major
expense
just count if you buy two tickets at a
time
once a week you'll spend about two
hundred dollars a year
money you could spend on education sport
hobbies or
other long term projects all the other
get rich quick schemes don't work either
the only people who actually got rich
with those are their creators
coffee is not the healthiest habit so
many millionaires don't spend money on
it
opting for good quality water or other
beverages
still if you just can't say no to your
guilty pleasure
try buying a thermo cup and brew coffee
at home
you'll save money and nature since the
disposable coffee cups aren't recyclable
and it takes about 20 years for them to
decompose
a pop-in in a coffee shop may be your
daily ritual
but have you ever counted how much you
spend on your morning habit
millennials spend over two thousand
dollars a year on
coffee investing sometimes more than
they do in their retirement
rich people are conscious and they care
not only about themselves
but about the environment too here's why
you can often see rich people with their
own water bottles
we usually need about 50 ounces of water
a day
and bottled water may turn out pricey if
you calculate all the bottles bought
over a recent year
in total people buy about 200 billion
bottles a year
a nice reusable bottle with a filter
will keep you hydrated
and rich as for daily habits rich people
care a lot about what they eat
so their meals never include snacks full
of simple cards
we spend a lot of money on small and
quick things without even noticing
it for instance quick snacks at gas
stations may not cost a lot
but if you grab it every now and then it
will add up to a pretty penny in the end
if you can't afford restaurant lunches
yet try packing your own lunch instead
of course you can eat out every day or
shell out for some ready to consume only
heat up lunches
anyway a tupperware with home-cooked
meals is healthier and
cheaper these tricks can help you save
hundreds of dollars
a month